---
title: Organizers
layout: default
---
#The challenge organizers
- **Alan Said** is a postdoctoral researcher and Marie Curie fellow at Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. He is working on Information Retrieval, Information Access Systems, and Recommender Systems specifically focusing on evaluation. Prior to joining CWI, he received a PhD from Technische Universität Berlin on the topic of the accuracy and utility of recommender systems. He has published in venues such as ACM RecSys, CSCW, UMAP, IUI, TIST, etc. and has been involved in the organization of several workshops, journal special issues, hackathons and conferences related to recommender systems and personalization. In 2012 he gave a tutorial on best practices in Recommender System Challenges at ACM RecSys.

- **Simon Dooms** received the bachelor degree of Informatics at the faculty of sciences (Ghent University, Belgium) in 2007 and a master degree of Computer Science Engineering at the faculty of engineering in 2009. He started working on a Ph.D. as a member of the Wireless and Cable (WiCa) research group of Professor Luc Martens at the Information Technology department of Ghent University. As of 2011 his research is funded by the government agency for Innovation by Science and Technology (IWT). His research interests include (hybrid) recommender systems, rating datasets, HCI, high-performance computing and data science in general.

- **Babak Loni** is PhD student at the Multimedia Computing group of Delft University of Technology, The Netherlands. In 2009, he received his bachelor degree in Computer Science from Amirkabir University of Technology, Iran, and a Master degree in Computer Science from Delft University of Technology in 2011. In October 2012, he joined the D-MIR (Delft Multimedia Information Retrieval) lab as a scientific researcher and from October 2013 he started his PhD in the same group. His research interests are recommender systems, machine learning, information retrieval and crowdsourcing. Currently he is working in the FP7 projects CUbRIK and CrowdRec. 

- **Domonkos Tikk** is Chief Executive Officer at Gravity R&D Inc., a recommender solution vendor company. Domonkos obtained his PhD in 2000 in computer science from Budapest University of Technology and Economics. He has been working on machine learning and data and text mining topics in the last decade. His team, Gravity, participated at the Netflix Prize challenge, and was a leader of the The Ensemble team finished tied at the first position of the challenge. The team members founded the company Gravity to exploit the results achieved in Netflix Prize. Domonkos published actively in the field of recommender systems, co-authored about 20 papers in the last years. He also acted as the co-chair of the recommender system-related KDD-Cup 2007, RecsysChallange 2012 and Recsys Doctoral Symposium in 2011. In 2012 he gave a tutorial on best practices in Recommender System Challenges at ACM RecSys.